d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.Development.json
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\appsettings.json
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.exe
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.deps.json
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.runtimeconfig.json
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.runtimeconfig.dev.json
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ref\RZielinski Final Project 2021.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.pdb
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.Views.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.Views.pdb
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Data.Sqlite.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.DotNet.PlatformAbstractions.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Abstractions.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Relational.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.EntityFrameworkCore.Sqlite.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyInjection.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.DependencyModel.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\SQLitePCLRaw.batteries_v2.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\SQLitePCLRaw.nativelibrary.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\SQLitePCLRaw.core.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\SQLitePCLRaw.provider.dynamic_cdecl.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Diagnostics.DiagnosticSource.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\alpine-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-arm\native\libe_sqlite3.so
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-arm64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-armel\native\libe_sqlite3.so
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-mips64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-musl-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.so
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\linux-x86\native\libe_sqlite3.so
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\osx-x64\native\libe_sqlite3.dylib
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm\native\e_sqlite3.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-x64\native\e_sqlite3.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-x86\native\e_sqlite3.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.GeneratedMSBuildEditorConfig.editorconfig
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.AssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.RazorAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.RazorAssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\RZielinski Final Project 2021.StaticWebAssets.Manifest.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\staticwebassets\RZielinski Final Project 2021.StaticWebAssets.xml
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\scopedcss\bundle\RZielinski Final Project 2021.styles.css
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.TagHelpers.input.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.TagHelpers.output.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.RazorCoreGenerate.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\Razor\Views\Home\Index.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\Razor\Views\Shared\Error.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\Razor\Views\Shared\_Layout.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\Razor\Views\Shared\_ValidationScriptsPartial.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\Razor\Views\_ViewImports.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\Razor\Views\_ViewStart.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.RazorTargetAssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.Views.pdb
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.csproj.CopyComplete
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\ref\RZielinski Final Project 2021.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.pdb
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.genruntimeconfig.cache
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.MvcApplicationPartsAssemblyInfo.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\RZielinski Final Project 2021.StaticWebAssets.xml
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Humanizer.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.JwtBearer.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Authentication.OpenIdConnect.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.Internal.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Cryptography.KeyDerivation.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Diagnostics.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Identity.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Identity.UI.Views.V4.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Identity.UI.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.AspNetCore.Razor.Language.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Bcl.AsyncInterfaces.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Razor.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.Abstractions.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Diagnostics.HealthChecks.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.FileProviders.Embedded.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Identity.Core.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.Extensions.Identity.Stores.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.JsonWebTokens.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Logging.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Protocols.OpenIdConnect.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.IdentityModel.Tokens.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.OpenApi.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Contracts.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Core.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.EntityFrameworkCore.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Templating.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGeneration.Utils.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Microsoft.VisualStudio.Web.CodeGenerators.Mvc.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.Swagger.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerGen.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\Swashbuckle.AspNetCore.SwaggerUI.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Composition.AttributedModel.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Composition.Convention.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Composition.Hosting.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Composition.Runtime.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.Composition.TypedParts.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\System.IdentityModel.Tokens.Jwt.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\cs\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\de\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\es\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\fr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\it\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ja\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ko\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\pl\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\pt-BR\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\ru\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\tr\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hans\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\zh-Hant\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.Workspaces.resources.dll
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm\lib\net5.0\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.exe
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\bin\Debug\net5.0\runtimes\win-arm64\lib\net5.0\dotnet-aspnet-codegenerator-design.exe
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\Razor\Views\Home\Weather.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\Razor\Views\Home\WeatherForecastHourly.cshtml.g.cs
d:\Users\Richard\Desktop\hi\RZielinski C# Final Project 2021\RZielinski Final Project 2021\obj\Debug\net5.0\Razor\Views\Home\WeatherForecastDetailed.cshtml.g.cs
